# SmartStove
The aim of Smart Furnace is to clean our city and to save our money, all in the same time. With the usage of high precision temperature sensing devices, Smart Furnace keeps your room and furnace on ideal temperatures which is both crucial for a lower heating bill and cleaner air. It operates on an Arduino server and the temperatures can be tracked both by an iOS mobile application and a web application. Just plug in the Arduino board and enjoy the advantages of Smart Furnace.
The motivation for this project was found in the great difficulties that our city has with pollution and after finding out that most of those problems are caused by inappropriate wood and coal combustion. Smart Furnace is primarily dealing with wood combustion, but can be easily modified for coal users. In the case of wood users,  heating on the appropriate way can save them up to 30% on their heating bill and significantly reduce the emission of their furnace. The Smart Furnace application helps you to handle all of this partly with the automation that it offers, and partly with instructions and suggestion sent to your mobile phone.
Spend less? Breath better? Use Smart Furnace!

This project is consisted out of three parts. First part is a hardware part done on arduino which collects data from sensors and creates a server on which it pushes the data. The second part is iOS application which allows user to see data on his iOS device. The final part is web application written in HTML, JavaScript and PHP which provides webpage for personal computer users.
